Add token based authn documentation in stack docs (#195)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/security/authentication/token-authentication-services.asciidoc

be used as credentials attached to the request sent to {es}.
{security} provides the following built-in token based authentication
services listed by order in which they are consulted for authentication:

_token-service_::
The Token Service generates access tokens and refresh tokens based on the OAuth2 specification using the
{ref}/security-api-get-token.html[get token API].
The access token is a short-lived token (defaults to 20 minutes and configurable
to maximum 1 hour) and can be refreshed using a refresh token.
The refresh token has a lifetime of 24 hours. The access token is a Bearer token and as such can be used by
sending a request with an `Authorization` header with a value having the prefix
`Bearer ` followed by the value of the access token.

[source,shell]
--------------------------------------------------
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer dGhpcyBpcyBub3QgYSByZWFsIHRva2VuIGJ1dCBpdCBpcyBvbmx5IHRlc3QgZGF0YS4gZG8gbm90IHRyeSB0byByZWFkIHRva2VuIQ==" http://localhost:9200/_cluster/health
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

_api-key-service_::
The API key service generates API keys using {ref}/security-api-create-api-key.html[create API key API].

> By default, the API keys generated do not expire. The request to create API keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the API keys do not expire. The request to create API keys
```

> can provide expiration to generate expiring API keys. The permissions for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows for an expiration to be specified. The permissions for the
```

API key can be specified during the creation of the API key and are limited by the
authenticated user's permissions.
The API key can be used by sending a request with an `Authorization` header
with a value having the prefix `ApiKey ` followed by the _credentials_,
where _credentials_ is the base64 encoding of API key id and API key joined by a colon.

[source,shell]
--------------------------------------------------
curl -H "Authorization: ApiKey VnVhQ2ZHY0JDZGJrUW0tZTVhT3g6dWkybHAyYXhUTm1zeWFrdzl0dk5udw==" http://localhost:9200/_cluster/health
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

Depending on your use case you may want to decide on the lifetime of the tokens
generated by these services. This information can then be used to decide which
service you want to use to generate and manage the tokens. Non-expiring API keys

> may seem easy option but care must be taken considering all the tradeoffs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may seem like the easy option but care must be taken considering the security implications that come with non-expiring keys.
```

[role="xpack"]
[[token-authentication-services]]
=== Token-based authentication services

> The {stack-security-features} authenticate users by using one or more token-based

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {stack-security-features} authenticate users by using realms and one or more token-based
```

> authentication services followed by the <<realms,realms>>. The

Reviewer 2: > followed by the <<realms,realms>>.

Is this necessary? Is it meant to indicate that we look at the services or the realms in a specific order? If so, I think this should be clarified in a separate sentence.

> authentication services and <<realms,realms>> defined in a _realm chain_. The

Reviewer 2: Does this mean that you specify the token-based services in the realm chains too? If so, I think this page should be updated with an example:
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elastic-stack-overview/master/realm-chains.html

> authentication services followed by the <<realms,realms>> defined in a _realm chain_. The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
authentication services followed by the <<realms,realms>>. The
```
